# Weather Broadcast Bot
### This is an app that captures user's voice input of any city name and will return the weather info grabbed by Openweather API  for the user to know about the city they want to know the weather about.
### The first part of this project for me is to figure out how to grab data from the Internet. I thought about the knowledge I learned from my Dynamic Data class. I used the openweather API to grab data from the internet and use ajax to show the data I just got.
### The second part is to make this weather app to respond to user's voice input. The reason why I decided to add this part is because last semester when we learned about the p5.js, we touched upon the speech library and I have always been wanting to create something based on that. The obstacles I encountered during this part is at first it can only recognize Chinese which is very wierd. And after I changed some settings of the code, it works perfectly with English and I am able to use human voice to input the city name into the web page version of my app.
### Next part of this project for me is to figure out how to make stuff that comes from my computer to show on the LCD screen in the Arduino. I learned how to wire up the LCD screen to the Arduino board by myself through the tutorials online but the problem comes at the code part since I am only able to show the stuff comes from the Arduino app but not the web version my app or to be more specific, my js script file. So here comes the hardest part of the proejct which is also the last part, to combine the code for the voice reacting weather app and the Arduino together.
### At frist, my instructor was suggested me to use Johnny five which seems a pretty good solution since it works fine with node.js but the problem is when it display text on the LCD screen it has the wierd formatting mechanic which cannot show all the data properly. Therefore, I changed to the p5.serialport which is the most basic method we learned from class. And after the effort of my instructor and I, we finally made the data I grabbed from Internet to show on the LCD screen.
[Here is the link to the video presentation of the project](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhBKcLMyeKE)